Stop there.
Put down the bag.
Open it.
Now.
Step back.
They're medical tools.
Please be careful not to contaminate them.
Go upstairs.
Go over it.
Just follow me.
Where are the hostages?
Gang-mu is with them, right?
Shut it.
Try anything funny, and I'll kill you.
And Gang-mu is
locked in room 203 separately.
To your left.
Comrade Lim.
Move faster.
Comrade Joo, get the doctor here first.
I need someone to assist me.
I heard there's a nursing major here.
Kim Dong-ji.
Yes, ma'am.
She's the one.
Can you help me?
He's been running a fever since dawn.
If he's over 38°C, he can't have surgery.
I must give him
a fever reducer and antibiotics
to reduce the fever first.
I heard two of you are injured.
Where's the other one?
Comrade Joo.